at a ceremony in zurich in
congress house determined the owner
golden ball
prize for the best footballer of the planet went
Lionel Messi is the most prestigious
award in world football which
this year jointly presents
International Football Federation and
french edition france football
dispute for the golden ball, he beat 2
team mates nominees for barcelona and
world champions in the national team of Spain
Xavi and Andres Iniesta was considered that Xavi
and iniesta because they became
world champions are more likely to
victory however football journalists
coaches and captains of 147 teams
participated in determining
best football player preferred
23-year-old Messi is one of the most gifted
football players of the time
talented of today playing football and
talent thing weakness a loan and here
no ratings polls will help
For the first time in the last 20 years, the best player
world has confirmed its status and on
next year last year and she and
messi was also named the best
football player of the world as according to fifa so
and according to the french magazine france
football who handed the golden ball to
this year two trophies were combined
in one barcelona coach guardiola opened
an envelope with the name of the best football player 2010
of the year and handed trees
this
the head
and
I want to dedicate this award to all
Barcelona and Argentines said together
getting a golden ball for me is very
special day i would like to share this
reward with all your partners
because without their help I would I now
here did not get a best coach in the world
The current Real Mentor was recognized.
jose mourinho she went to vicente del
boske and josepa guardiola from barcelona
Mauri did not win three trophies in the past
the season
Inter under the leadership of the Portuguese
won the championship league champions and
Italian Cup want to thank two
great coaches
Osipa Guardiola and Vincent del Bosque
said mauri without receiving an award this
the evening I see many guys with whom
won last season all possible
trophies thank you it's remarkable that
mourinho became only the third
a coach in history who won the league
champions with two different clubs 2004
year he won with the port of Portugal
in addition, the named symbolic
national team fifa 11 best players of 2010
this team included players just 3
european clubs
spanish barcelona and real as well
Italian Inter goalie Iker
casillas
spain real defenders luise and not michael
both brazil and inter herald pique carles
puyol both spain and barcelona
defenders andres iniesta them both of them
spain and barcelona attacking lionel
messi
argentina david villa spain barcelona
Cristiano Ronaldo Real and you have not
sniper inter and we in turn wanted
would remember and pay homage
our legendary players got
golden ball lion yashin 1963 Oleg
Blokhin in 1975, Igor Belanov 1986 and
Andrey Shevchenko in 2004
of